docs/index.md, before:

<div class="logo"></div>

# PACT Technical Documentation

Welcome to the PACT documentation site. Here you will find technical specifications, conformance tools, and service documentation to support secure, interoperable exchange of product emissions data.



## [PACT Technical Specifications](data-exchange-protocol/)

The PACT Network is an open and global network for the secure peer-to-peer exchange of product emissions data.  
The Technical Specifications describe the PACT data model and exchange API, including:

- **Data Exchange Protocol:** Definitions, API endpoints, and OpenAPI schema for exchanging Product Carbon Footprints (PCFs).
- **Release Plans:** Information about protocol versioning and planned updates.

See the [Technical Specifications](data-exchange-protocol/) for details.



## [PACT Conformance Tool](pact-conformance-service/)

The PACT Conformance Tool is used for assessing conformance of any API implementation to the PACT specifications.  
Resources include:

- **Test Cases:** Documentation and downloadable test case PDFs.
- **Guides:** Step-by-step guides for MVP testing and beta retesting.
- **FAQs:** Frequently asked questions about conformance and testing.

See the [Conformance Tool documentation](pact-conformance-service/) for more.



## [PACT Directory Service](pact-directory-service/)

Identity Management is a foundational service of the PACT Network.  
The Directory Service enables organizations to securely and efficiently identify and establish trust connections with each other at scale, facilitating PCF exchange between solutions.

- **Authentication Flows:** Diagrams and documentation for access and authentication.
- **Design Documents:** Details on authentication-as-a-service and bidirectional flows.
- **FAQs:** Answers to common questions about the directory service.

See the [Directory Service documentation](pact-directory-service/) for more information.



## Reference

- [Data Exchange Protocol Reference](ref/data-exchange-protocol/3.0.0/)
- [Methodology](ref/methodology/)

---

For feedback or questions, please contact [pact@wbcsd.org](mailto:pact@wbcsd.org) or visit the [PACT GitHub repository](https://github.com/wbcsd/data-exchange-protocol).

Commit message:

Added links to conformance test cases and policy.

docs/index.md, after:

<div class="logo"></div>

# PACT Technical Documentation

Welcome to the PACT documentation site. Here you will find technical specifications, conformance tools, and service documentation to support secure, interoperable exchange of product emissions data.



## [PACT Technical Specifications](data-exchange-protocol/)

The PACT Network is an open and global network for the secure peer-to-peer exchange of product emissions data.  
The Technical Specifications describe the PACT data model and exchange API, including:

- **Data Exchange Protocol:** Definitions, API endpoints, and OpenAPI schema for exchanging Product Carbon Footprints (PCFs).
- **Release Plans:** Information about protocol versioning and planned updates.

See the [Technical Specifications](data-exchange-protocol/) for details.



## [PACT Conformance Tool](pact-conformance-service/)

The PACT Conformance Tool is used for assessing conformance of any API implementation to the PACT specifications.  
Resources include:

- **Test Cases:** Detailed test cases for [version 2.x](pact-conformance-service/v2-test-cases-expected-results.md) and [version 3.0](pact-conformance-service/v3-test-cases-expected-results.md)
- **Guides:** Step-by-step guides for MVP testing and beta retesting.
- **FAQs:** Frequently asked questions and information on [conformance policy](pact-conformance-service/beta_retesting_policy.md)


See the [Conformance Tool documentation](pact-conformance-service/) for more.



## [PACT Directory Service](pact-directory-service/)

Identity Management is a foundational service of the PACT Network.  
The Directory Service enables organizations to securely and efficiently identify and establish trust connections with each other at scale, facilitating PCF exchange between solutions.

- **Authentication Flows:** Diagrams and documentation for access and authentication.
- **Design Documents:** Details on authentication-as-a-service and bidirectional flows.
- **FAQs:** Answers to common questions about the directory service.

See the [Directory Service documentation](pact-directory-service/) for more information.



## Reference

- [Data Exchange Protocol Reference](ref/data-exchange-protocol/3.0.0/)
- [Methodology](ref/methodology/)

---

For feedback or questions, please contact [pact@wbcsd.org](mailto:pact@wbcsd.org) or visit the [PACT GitHub repository](https://github.com/wbcsd/data-exchange-protocol).
